Antacids-	Antacids are a class of medicines that neutralize acid in the stomach. Antacids are used to relieve the symptoms of Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease,heartburn or indigestion.
Antidiarrheals-	Antidiarrheals are the name given to certain types of medicines that stop or slow diarrhea. Antidiarrheals only relieve the symptoms of diarrhea, such as an increased frequency and urgency when passing stools, they do not eliminate the cause of it.
Laxatives-	Laxatives are medicines that help resolve constipation or empty the bowel of fecal matter before procedures or surgery involving the lower bowel.Laxatives are used to treat constipation or the person has a medical condition (such as angina) that may be exacerbated by straining.
Norethindrone-	Norethindrone is a progesterone, female hormone important for regulating ovulation and menstruation. Norethindrone is used for birth control to prevent pregnancy. Norethindrone is also used to treat menstrual disorders, endometriosis, or abnormal vaginal bleeding.
Azithromycin-	Azithromycin is an antibiotic that fights bacteria. Azithromycin is used to treat many different types of infections caused by bacteria, such as respiratory infections, skin infections, ear infections, eye infections, and sexually transmitted diseases.
Estradiol-	Estradiol is a form of estrogen, a female sex hormone. It is available as an oral tablet, a topical gel or patch, vaginal cream, or as an injection.Estradiol is used to treat menopause symptoms such as vaginal changes, and to prevent osteoporosis in menopausal women.
Acetaminophen-	Acetaminophen is a pain reliever and a fever reducer. Acetaminophen is used to treat mild to moderate pain, moderate to severe pain in conjunction with opiates, or to reduce fever. Common conditions treated include headache, muscle aches, arthritis, backache and toothaches.
Muscle relaxants-	Muscle relaxants (also called skeletal muscle relaxants) are a diverse group of medicines that have the ability to relax or reduce tension in muscle. Some (such as baclofen, methocarbamol, and tizanidine) work in the brain or spinal cord to block over-excited neuronal (nerve) pathway.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs-	Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (usually abbreviated to NSAIDs) are a group of medicines that relieve pain and fever and reduce inflammation. 
